README.md, before:

# Hi 👋 I’m Sadman  
**Electronics Engineering student @ Simon Fraser University**  
Passionate about bridging hardware and software to build embedded systems and real-world electronics. Currently exploring FPGA design.

## 🎯 What I’m working on  .  
- Learning FPGA workflows: VHDL, synthesis, timing analysis.
- FPGA personal project on DE2-115 board (in-progress)

## 🛠 Tech Stack  
**Hardware & Embedded:** Arduino, FPGA (VHDL)

**Software & Tools:** C++, MATLAB, Git, Linux (Ubuntu), VS Code, Quartus, ModelSim 

**Misc:** Soldering/Assembly, LTSpice

## 🚀 Featured Projects  
### [VisiHelmet](https://www.sfu.ca/fas/news-events/news/2024/12/first-year-engineering-students-develop-innovative-solutions-for.html)  
Built a custom cycling helmet with team-members utilising an Arduino UNO R4, featured on SFU Faculty of Applied Sciences website (first picture when you scroll down) and my LinkedIn profile.
*Technologies:* Arduino, C++.

### Discrete Fourier Transform (DFT) for denoising a noisy signal  
Generated a synthetic signal combining sinusoids at 1 Hz, 10 Hz and 20 Hz. Added Gaussian noise to simulate real-world conditions, then performed a 256-point DFT. Applied amplitude thresholding in the frequency domain to suppress noise, reconstructed via inverse-DFT and evaluated denoising performance using MSE against the original clean signal.  
*Technologies:* MATLAB.

## 🎓 Education  
**Bachelor of Applied Science – Electronics Engineering**  
Simon Fraser University, Burnaby BC  
Relevant Courses: Introduction to Engineering Analysis (ENSC 180), Software Design and Analysis for Engineers (ENSC 251), Fundamentals of Digital Logic & Design (ENSC 252)

## 🌱 What I’m learning  
- Digital Logic and FPGA 
- Electronic Circuits
- Python Scripting using PyTorch 

## 🤝 Let’s Connect  
You can reach me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sm-sadman-sakib/)

Commit message:

Update README with new projects and tech stack

README.md, after:

# Hi 👋 I’m Sadman  
**Electronics Engineering student @ Simon Fraser University**  
Passionate about bridging hardware and software to build embedded systems and real-world electronics. Currently exploring FPGA design.

## 🎯 What I’m working on  .  
- Learning FPGA workflows: VHDL, synthesis, timing analysis.
- FPGA personal project on DE2-115 board (in-progress)

## 🛠 Tech Stack  
**Hardware & Embedded:** Arduino, FPGA (VHDL)

**Software & Tools:** C++, MATLAB, Git, Linux (WSL), VS Code, Quartus, ModelSim 

**Misc:** Soldering/Assembly, LTSpice

## 🚀 Featured Projects  
### [VisiHelmet](https://www.sfu.ca/fas/news-events/news/2024/12/first-year-engineering-students-develop-innovative-solutions-for.html)  
Built a custom cycling helmet with team-members utilising an Arduino UNO R4, featured on SFU Faculty of Applied Sciences website (first picture when you scroll down) and my LinkedIn profile.
*Technologies:* Arduino, C++.

### Elevator Control System
Built a functional elevator system on a Altera DE-10 FPGA, with current floor, up, down, open and close indicators. Test it out for yourself by forking my repository; All of the documentation explains how the system works

### Discrete Fourier Transform (DFT) for denoising a noisy signal  
Generated a synthetic signal combining sinusoids at 1 Hz, 10 Hz and 20 Hz. Added Gaussian noise to simulate real-world conditions, then performed a 256-point DFT. Applied amplitude thresholding in the frequency domain to suppress noise, reconstructed via inverse-DFT and evaluated denoising performance using MSE against the original clean signal.  
*Technologies:* MATLAB.

## 🎓 Education  
**Bachelor of Applied Science – Electronics Engineering**  
Simon Fraser University, Burnaby BC  
Relevant Courses: Introduction to Engineering Analysis (ENSC 180), Software Design and Analysis for Engineers (ENSC 251), Fundamentals of Digital Logic & Design (ENSC 252)

## 🌱 What I’m learning  
- Python
- C
- FPGA

## 🤝 Let’s Connect  
You can reach me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sm-sadman-sakib/)
